20 review and update documentation before the milestone release (#27)
Infineon/svd2pac: README.md

  only at driver level. (e.g. sometimes also the order of writing register bitfields is important.
  discussion on this topic available here <https://github.com/rust-embedded/svd2rust/issues/714>).
- No ownership because owned registers are an obstacle to writing low level drivers (LLD). Anyway writing
  LLDs requires a lot of unsafe code and ownership makes it more complex to access registers from interrupts
  and other threads. LLDs shall present safe APIs because only they can implement all logic for a safe usage of peripherals.
  Moreover for many peripherals the splitting of peripheral is smaller unit is not obvious and depends on use cases.
- Support [tracing](#tracing) of register accesses and additionally mocking of registers on non-embedded devices through
  external libraries. This allows the execution unit tests for code that uses the generated libraries on non-embedded devices.
- No macros. Absence of macros make easier the debugging.
- PAC shall have 0 dependencies to any other crates.
   - Exception: `--target=cortex-m`. In this case the generated PAC has some dependencies in order to be usable in ARM Cortex Rust ecosystem.

> - Use associated constant instead of `Enum` for bitfield values so user can easily create new values.
>   Enumeration constrains the possible value of a bitfield but many times the SVD
>   enum description has missing enumeration values. There are multiple reasons:
>   * Too many values for documentation/SVD.
>   * Valid values depends on other register values or condition so user documentation writer could decided to not describe in table.
>   * Lazyness of user manual writer. (Sorry but it sometimes happens ;-))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use associated constants instead of `Enum` for bitfield values so users can easily create new values.
  Enumerations constrain the possible values of a bitfield but many times the SVD
  enum description has missing enumeration values. There are multiple reasons:
  * Too many values for documentation/SVD.
  * Valid values depend on other register values or conditions so documentation writers could decided to not list them in the SVD.
  * Lazyness of user manual writer. (Sorry but it sometimes happens ;-))

```

## Known Limitations

* Inheritance via `derivedFrom` attribute is presently not supported for bitfields declaration.

>   Moreover in case that parent is an element of an array only the first element is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Moreover in the case that a parent is an element of an array, inheritance can only refer to the first element.
```

println!("{regs_at_c0ffee:?}");
```

## How to use in your `build.rs`

> It is possible generate the PAC during application build using [`main`] or [`main_parse_arguments`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to generate the PAC during the build of an application by calling [`main`] or [`main_parse_arguments`].
```
